feat: activate generalized risk stewards (#413)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20240805_Multi_RiskStewardPhase2/RiskStewardPhase2.md

While recent improvements have optimized some steps, further efficiency gains are possible, particularly in risk-related proposals.

Rationale for reducing risk-related proposals:

- Two expert, independent risk teams (ChaosLabs, LlamaRisk) are engaged with the DAO.
- Historical voting unanimity on non-controversial, incremental risk proposals.
- Technical feasibility of constraining updates using Aave v3 roles and specific validations.

The success of the CapsPlusRiskStewards experiment demonstrates the viability of expanding this approach. As Aave expands to new networks, minimizing governance proposals becomes crucial to prevent voter fatigue.

## Specification

The new RiskSteward we propose follows the same design as the CapsPlusRiskSteward, an smart contract to which the Aave Governance gives `RISK_ADMIN` role over all v3 instances, controlled by a 2-of-2 multisig, and heavily constrained on what can do and how by its own logic.

The 2-of-2 multisig controlling the RiskSteward will have Chaos and BGD Labs as signers, with the inclusion of BGD Labs as a matter of extra security procedure.

`ACL_MANAGER.addRiskAdmin()` is called to add a the new risk steward.

> To give some extra buffer and protection, we would remove the `RISK_ADMIN` role from the old `CapsPlusRiskSteward` once risk providers have adapted to use the new Risk Stewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give some extra buffer and protection, we will remove the `RISK_ADMIN` role from the old `CapsPlusRiskSteward` once risk providers have adapted to use the new Risk Stewards.
```

While recent improvements have optimized some steps, further efficiency gains are possible, particularly in risk-related proposals.

Rationale for reducing risk-related proposals:

- Two expert, independent risk teams (ChaosLabs, LlamaRisk) are engaged with the DAO.
- Historical voting unanimity on non-controversial, incremental risk proposals.
- Technical feasibility of constraining updates using Aave v3 roles and specific validations.

The success of the CapsPlusRiskStewards experiment demonstrates the viability of expanding this approach. As Aave expands to new networks, minimizing governance proposals becomes crucial to prevent voter fatigue.

## Specification

The new RiskSteward we propose follows the same design as the CapsPlusRiskSteward, an smart contract to which the Aave Governance gives `RISK_ADMIN` role over all v3 instances, controlled by a 2-of-2 multisig, and heavily constrained on what can do and how by its own logic.

The 2-of-2 multisig controlling the RiskSteward will have Chaos and BGD Labs as signers, with the inclusion of BGD Labs as a matter of extra security procedure.

`ACL_MANAGER.addRiskAdmin()` is called to add a the new risk steward.

> Additionally params on GHO on Arbitrum and Ethereum cannot be changed by this RiskStewards, as the params would be updated by the GhoStewards instead, this is done by setting the GHO asset as restricted via the following method: `RISK_STEWARD.setAddressRestricted();`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, params for GHO on Arbitrum and Ethereum cannot be changed by this RiskStewards, as the params will be updated by the GhoStewards instead, this is done by setting the GHO asset as restricted via the following method: `RISK_STEWARD.setAddressRestricted();`
```
